1.	To realize this requirement, I created the Application class, Game class, GameStats class and Settings class. I added a Game object ‘game’ in Application class to play the game, ‘gameSettings’ to represent the settings object and ‘stats’ to represents the game statistics. If user changes the settings, the updateSettings(settings: Settings) method will parse the new settings object. loadStats() method is to display score statistics and word statistics of the application. getApplication() is a static method so that other class can access the settings of the Application.
2. To realize this requirement, I added two int variables ‘minutes’ and ‘boardSize’ to store the maximum minutes and board size the user chooses, which have default value of 3 and 4; the float array ‘vowel_weights’ and ‘consonant_weights’ represents the weight the user chooses for the vowel characters and consonant characters. I also added some static final variables such as MIN_MINUTES, MIN_SIZE, MIN_WEIGHT, etc to limit the range of value that the user get to choose from GUI for the settings. 
3. 
	1. To realize this requirement, I created a Board class, added a ‘board’ in Game class to create a Board object. The constructor Board(boardSize:int) in Board class will create an empty Board with boardSize.  when the method start(minutes: int, boardSize: int) in Game class gets called, it will call generate(vowel_weights: float[], consonant_weights: float[]) in the Board class and randomly fill the board with random letters. I also added a String array ‘letters’ to keep track of the letters filled in each row.
	2. To realize this requirement, I added the variable ‘minutesRemaining’ in the Game class to keep track of the time left. 
	3. I added ‘points’ variable in Game class to keep track of the points earned, which has a default value of 0.
	4. I first created the Coord class to get the coordination of the input letter. In the Game class, I then added String array ‘word’ to keep track of all the input valid words, added the method enterWord(coords: Coord[]), when it gets called, it will call getWord(coords: Coord[]) in the Board class to check if the coordination of the string is valid or not. If the coordination array is not valid, then the method returns empty string, otherwise it returns the String the user enters. And then it will call getPoints(word: String) to calculate the points it earns, if it’s larger than 0, then the ‘points’ gets incremented, the word will be added to the ‘words’. I also added ‘bestWord’ to track the highest scoring word. if the current word’s points larger than ‘bestWord’, then need to update the ‘bestWord’. Then it calls the method addWord(word:String) in the Application class to update the word and frequency.
	5. I added resetBoard() method in the Game class to realize this function, also added ‘resetCount’ variable to track how many times the player resets the board. The resetBoard() will call Board(boardSize:int) constructor and generate(vowel_weights: float[], consonant_weights: float[]) to fill letters. The static final variable ‘RESET_COST’ is also added to the Game class, which has a default value of 5. Every time the resetBoard() gets called, the points get subtracted by the value of ‘RESET_COST’.
	6. I added exit() method in the Game class, this method will return the current points.
	7. This score display will be handled by the GUI.
	8. I added getPoints(word: String) method in the Game class. The method calculates how many points the valid String can get. Whenever the user calls the resetBoard() method, the points get subtracted by the value of ‘RESET_COST’.
	9. This will be handled by GUI.
4. The Board(boardSize) constructor in the Board class is used to create the square Board indicated by the size the user choose. I added static final variable ‘VOWELS_FREQ’ and ‘CONSONANTS_FREQ’, which have default value of 0.2 and 0.8. The generate(vowel_weights: float[], consonant_weights: float[]) method will randomly fill the board with letters by the provided array ‘vowel_weights’ and ‘consonant_weights’ and the ‘VOWELS_FREQ’ and ‘CONSONANTS_FREQ’ mentioned above.
5. I added loadStats() method in Application class to show the statistics. I added GameResult class for saving all the game results once the game ends.
6. I added addGameResult(result: GameResult) in the Application class when the game ends it will be called,  and will be adding the GameResult object in the ‘gameResults’ array, which is added in the GameResult class. And we could sort the ‘gameResults’ by the points before calling the loadStats() method.
7. in the GameStats class, I used a PriorityQueue<String, Integer> ‘wordStats’ to store the word and their frequency across all the game, everytime user enters a word, the addWord(word: String) method in the Application class gets called and update the word and their frequency in the ‘wordStats’. The loadStats() in Application class will let the user view the word statistics.
8. This is not represented in my design, as it will be handled entirely within the GUI implementation.
