#####Class Game, Subclass Round (Requirement 1):
Class Game is created and it is generalization class of class round, because one game could have multiple rounds in it. Class Game and subclass round share 3 common method 1) adjustSetting(time, size, weight) 2)viewStats() 3) playGame() These three main functions will be explained in the following sections.
Besides the inherited 3 functions from class Game, subclass Round contains three more methods 1)rerollBoard(), to allow user to regenerate the board, 2) exit(), to aloow user to exit the round before time runs up , 3) endGame(), which terminates the round when time is up. The rerollBoard() function would affect attribute score whenever the function is triggered. endGame() function will be triggered by a utility class Timer, whose countdown function takes parameter, time, from* *adjustSetting(time, size, weight)*. *

#####Class Board, Class Word, Class Letter (Requirement 2-4):
Whenever the user starts the game, a class Board is generated. Class Board and Class Round are mutually dependent. The class Round will take the size, weight parameters from adjustSetting(time, size, weight) to generate the board as an array list in required sizes and the letters with desired weight.  In return, the class Board will calculate score and send back to class Round so that attribute score could be updated.

To calculate score, two more Classes Word, and Letter are generated. Letters will compose word and board. And letter Class could check character position through functions, checkHorizontal(), checkVertical(), and checkDiagonal(). Only letters in the required position could be used to generate Word. Word would take two more functions, checkTwoletters(), and checkUnique() to make sure that user enters a unique word made up of two or more letters. After word checking are done, the word would be passed back to class Board to perform function checkWord() to check whether the entered word exists on the Board. If so, the score will be calculated through calculateScore() function with different scoring rules and the result will be sent back to class Round.

#####Class Statistics, Subclass Score Statistics, Word Statistics (Requirement 5-7):
To view statistics, I created a class called Statistics, which is the generalization class of Score Statistics Class and Word Statistics Class. The Statistics has an attribute, statType, displaying the statistic type that the player would like to see, and a function, getStatType, which takes "Score Statistics" or "Word Statistics" as input, and the input value would trigger different calcuation from relevant statistic subclass. The word statistics will return a list converted from hashmap whose entry is composed of word as key and frequency as value, and is descending sorted by frequency. The score statistics will return a list of final score, the number of times resetting, and the number of words entered. Moreover, the final score attribute could call a function, getScoreDetails(), which returns an array of board size, number of minutes, and highest scoring word.

#####Requirement 8-10:
This is not represented in my design, as it will be handled entirely within the GUI implementation.
